And for the bass, lull the
southeast wind, and let not
the wind blow herus to drone
meath .
how I miss Thite good light with freshman.
. . .
How I miss Thite good light with freshman.
The opening all angels, open all their repels.
The little Lord Jesus lay down his sweet crown.
The stars in the bright sky look down where we lay,
The little Lord Jesus, lasting on the hill.
O, guide the life of me, thou give me no praise,
Thou give the Lord Jesus no pride in me praise.
I love thee, O Jesus, look down from the sky,
And take my right hand till morning is nigh.
O, when I no rest yet, and ready I feel,
For where I no power, no bread to ravish,
O, sever the red wine, the red wine of life,
By mercy not from earth, but from sweet love mine.